oh my goodness how I am since I started on
TV, kid, I've been
destroying everything okay lately I have to go
out on the streets wearing a cap and
sunglasses why don't they let me
go buy bread okay since I was
on the Risto Mejide show the other day there
would be a link the description
in case someone didn't see it because of escaping
yesterday I found an article that
says the following the article in
question is in the Babu magazine okay on
the cover and put Javi Oliveira the
most prominent channel of Salcé or in Spain
there are many Spanish channels that are
dedicated to informing society online
about the most important events those that
are involved the youtubers among
different Spanish channels that are
dedicated to this work the
Javier y Meira channel stands out which has gained immense
popularity during the last months
but pay attention what I like the most is this
the kids are one of the
most loyal and respectful groups of fans on YouTube
Spain in what concerns the content
of Sal or we can corroborate
it in the most delicate situations in  the ones that
javi beirán has been involved in where
mostly his fans have defended
javi's life without resorting to
insults or serious disrespect
pride pride of me kids you
can't say the same about the other
sides there may be other sides out there much
bigger but they don't have the same
fame you're worth it so proud proud
proud just like my
mother should be now she shouldn't where I have come
from where I have come to where my
mom has come recording videos in my house in
Ricky Martin pajamas and
Star Wars socks
and I am the living image that everything
in this life is possible that
everyone can can change everyone can
change
- with me to win michu you have changed him
I started the video quite strong
[ __ ] several criticisms I curse god
what a destructive guy and it's that
really those words hurt wind michu
in the chorus but come on an
outrage I mean you can call them bald they
can love the son of a [ __ ] you can
call him whatever you want but don't you
dare tell him that he hasn't changed because he must have  to
put together a god he's
capable of calling a couple of hitmen
my current relationship with win michu
isn't bad at all or at least that's what I
consider it seems that there was a time when
the one we took to Fatima decides
since we pull each other's hair but
well that's a little impossible
especially for him but there was a time in the
past when we threw each other
too much
and both on twitter the truth is that we hated each other
quite a lot and then we talked and we made
up we gave each other a couple of
kisses and when we got home the men
were talking we got along more or
less cordially but well I don't agree
with this criticism what am I going to do but if he gets
upset he has two things to
do is get upset and to get upset I don't
even know if there is such a thing as stopping getting
upset but under what he means
with this is that I don't have any kind of
personal problem with him but I have to
tell this because I have freedom of
expression basically and today it is what there is
and to give people a point of view
of what is happening without feeling
conditioned by friendships or anything
today's video comes  in relation to the
next three that passed last
night okay in which win michu announces
the movie announces the movie that she
herself is going to release the poster is shown
which by the way in my opinion is
inspired a little bit by game over ok
I think you saw the game over that I
made you are the one who tells you if you
like the idea of ​​putting the crosses
on her eyes and well yes I think it's great I
wish you a lot of success with the movie
okay you know that I trust your
audiovisual work a lot in fact I was
accused quite a bit back in the day with the
sandwich thing of sucking his
penis a lot because I've always said that uy
picchu you can be all the
[ __ ] that you want to put it but that he
works very well he works very well and it's
very curious both when he makes a
book when he makes videos when he does
whatever okay today the guy is fine at
working things you have to
recognize them so I didn't expect
that it was going to be the [ __ ] [ __ ] that he did that
in the end it was basically laughing at
everyone there were a lot of people who went to the
cinema at the festival decided with the
illusion of finding a movie
the first film starred the
first film in Spain starring
a youtuber because there in
America it has been done that he has made
films and also that wish bicho which is
what I'm saying that websites michu
can have whatever you want but he is very very very
perfectionist with his
content for example well said he releases
a book not like the rest of youtube where
almost all of them have released books but he
worries about it having a quality not that it
has a quality on the cover of a
hard cover all the luxury of details
inside he has not yet seen the two
comics that he has made but come on I
imagine that they will be along the same lines already
explaining what he did was some [ __ ]
filth because what he did was
excite the fans excite the
people make people travel there and
pay for tickets spend money on
gas hotels whatever and then
control or
haha ​​how funny the trolley cough of wii
I think that well it threw me a little there is no
difference when I enter I read it is funny
when it is not for example when he
made this video of the gifts that he
put it in  bent to dallas that eye they had
caught wish michu
throwing the gifts that she was a point zero
of [ __ ] and she hit her in the
mouth tremendous no but for example this thing
of the cinema well this does not seem like a joke to me it
is also what it seems to me it was
a [ __ ] okay it goes with people who traveled
like I have done and hundreds of other cities and
surely there were many who had
lost the day of work or whatever to
go see this guy who in the end
making the idiot the case they should
roll go winding go and puts a
comment telling her she looks great
congratulations the girl took it told her the
good vibes in the world goes she congratulates him she
wishes him the best good luck in your
project and such and the cold comes he says does he
want to come to the premiere to which she
answers damn yeah I would love to [ __ ] in
fact she imagines me wind and she is
excited not thinking about what her birthday is and
getting ready for the day of the premiere and it
turns out that she came down and michu says to her
well pay attention when the link to the
ticket sale comes out to buy
yours because here we are not going to invite you
to see me first hand this either  well yes it is
a good laugh because he hit her whatever a
tremendous sack what happens is that
this is not a sack because the girl did
not attack him in fact she uses hunts and
the girl would have gone to attack him and
answers him in a different way the truth is that it
was a joke between quotes quite
unnecessary because they want to
let the girl endure endure it is
known that everyone gives her a lot 6
in fact a girl who everyone because it is
fashionable harasses her too much and it did not
take long to come out for example in the
gameplay to make fun of her and another 4
on youtube no so when I
realized in fact that people started
posing wind and because of this little joke of michu
joya then it stopped being funny and that
is what I am saying that yes it can be
funny so pay attention when the link
to the sale of the tickets comes out to buy
yours because here we are not going to invite you
if you are 13 years old of course and a
feminist modality with moving through life okay
but yes it is true that I do not like they
served the women that  look at her like
that without coming to the point unless
she is the one who is attacking
then I had to shut her mouth and
as I saw that with and she can't defend herself
very well then all between them I
answered him I said come on it goes according to
reality and give him some tickets that
you have left over
and if he says that he exists it may be very
2013 but sometimes the things that he finds
funny are not there it is the first time
that it smells quite a lot of type of jokes wind and
okay it's over it was the subject of the
rugby tournament worth face-to-face tournament this one that
all wind instagram in some photos of him
uploaded of all the people on the
forni bus t not before entering the tournament
in an empty seat as if making the
joke that well that she had not
gone to me this joke is okay it was
funny to me that the truth is I would find it funny
if it weren't because the intention would be to
bully the girl and the
truth is win michu does not know her or
speak or have any occasion with her to
gain her trust play a joke on her
is that this reminded me of a time his
girlfriend maybe if his girlfriend  or he
told me something like I really do
n't know him or trust him
and that I take trust too seriously
to play jokes on him I don't remember that's how they
told me because I told him something or I don't
know what story on twitter so you
know him you have confidence in her
to play that joke on him for each one if I
tell him surely he won't feel
bad but you and okay let's all take it
let's sit down let's be totally
honest and with michu if this joke
instead of winding that we have it as if it
were a piñata
what does wind have to do with and with a piñata
now because everyone gives him a stick and
takes the candy away from him
feels like a half wind and they had
done it to wish michu's girlfriend
surely win michu would come out in a
video crying saying that to this day he
still has traumas so the truth is
that I see the joke a little humiliating and
unnecessary at the same time at most a guy
who doesn't accept criticism okay he's a
guy who has a ton of followers
he's really willing but he doesn't
like that what he indicated
things from six or seven months ago I don't
remember exactly how long ago because
no  I have a notion of time I am youtube and
for me every day is the same the
gentleman come on fa and I made some videos
okay he really you will know him his
name is wing chun he has changed and mine was
the game over aui michu okay I think
in fact it is one of the best of all the
not to see mine are the best many
people have told me that she copied me from
veda fao that gives me fame she copied my
video and the truth is that I think that
neither of us copied each other
in fact before the tafalla video I
had done a live okay the one
uploaded to my secondary channel where I already
talked about all those things that I then
passed clean let's say to my
main channel but it takes many things of his
own invention and also the video he worked
incredibly hard and when I went to
do the game over well truth be told he
helped me a lot with the editing and he sent me
material that he had compiled those
two criticisms both
real [ __ ] and mine well the
truth is that I think they are the best
criticisms that win has currently
youtube this is in coco I have not done that
the truth was quite regrettable
on the part of  win michu yes head
they made his life impossible with that [ __ ]
video I mean the kid beat himself up
making that video criticism and well said he
did everything possible so that criticism would
not see the light okay true for those who
uploaded win mich he used three media outlets that
are associates of iun plans to throw
the video away he threw the video away for
copyright okay when perfectly the video
of veda phase can accept
legitimate use so it was a
totally fraudulent complaint they abused the
power that the networks have because
television has like the networks okay they
have there is a button with which they can
block any video without even
reviewing it and then you can
recover it by appealing if they are
right but at first they block them the
funny thing was that vende fa summarized the
censored video the images to such an
extent that the fourth or fifth summarized
was with the uncensored image it is that he
simply did not put in the extracts or in other words he
put up a black sign that
said here went an extract in which it
said this this and this in writing
so he threw the video to three media outlets without
using its content the dick came to
summarize the video as a  20 30 40
sometimes I don't know but it's [ __ ] crazy
every time I uploaded the video it would explode
because the truth is that it seems that the
channel is closed for this, this is what happens
with many channels, okay, there are channels that
are destined to grow with a type of
video, okay, there is a keyword on each
channel that marks you and every time you
upload a video with that word, the video
is already on the sales channel, well, it
's with michu, every time it gives me fa, I
would upload the video again, I would
press it again but it didn't last even 24 hours,
win michu, it seems that for
some laps, well, I was subscribed with
the little bell that called again before the
star in front of the TV, I would throw away the video, already
done, I confirmed that it was a thing of win
visuals, obviously antena3 doesn't have it, there is
a worker sitting waiting for
the goal videos for a kid who
at that time had 89 thousand
subscribers but what happened
these claims that in the end if you
fight them and they are right, you end up
winning, it has happened to me through a lot
of networks and you know you have  a lot
of videos on my channel is where I talk about
it once you file a
claim to the network for that not even when they
can take down the video again what did they
do and michu take it down from
demi moore is another of the networks that
work like michu again
they did the same thing they took down the
video every time she uploaded it and they even
got to the point of sending her an email
telling her please don't have
the video that every time she
uploaded it they were going to throw it down the [ __ ] the
support and a lot I think she is one of the
most shameless that I come across
that I tell you is worth it because
remembering what happened to me with the
verdel video and that the same thing happened to me
that she threw it down every time she
uploaded it and in the end I ended up winning because I
ended up winning because I was right
because that video did not break any
rules they are [ __ ] scary [ __ ]
goes the mine and things that touch my
dick more than this and this is censorship
literally from back in the 50s or
60s and above all  coming from a person
who also makes criticisms and some
destructive ones when he has made the
criticism you [ __ ] like that to mario tuki he has made
criticisms of those of jokes to my girlfriend to
those of the big ue he has made criticism of a
lot of youtubers it was some better
some worse and the most hypocritical thing is
when [ __ ] like that he reports his
video okay he reported the video that guys
michu made to the [ __ ] like that and the guy
cried out to the heavens as if to say
that you have to see that there was no
criticism and why the coyote censors downloading
videos hypocritical schemes it can't be
dude
and be very careful that I'm not complaining that
the guy will complain about what [ __ ]
like that reported his video because it
seems totally unfair to me I think that
everyone who is exposed to
youtube has to accept criticism
to a certain point if they are messing
with your personal life or they are meddling
and they are taking out intimate things then okay
or they are defaming you and slandering
whatever then okay they resort to the strike
but when they are making you look like a
hypocrite for things that you  you've
done the same on social media you eat it
with potatoes and more when you also
make criticisms I think this is the
moment to tell something that I've never
told okay because the things that are
spoken with me in private because I don't usually
bring to light but done
seems too hypocritical to me and well I'm not
going to reveal the messages because that would
seem very dirty to me I'm not going to tell
intimate things that he said to me in those
messages but I will say that
environment winniczuk came and asked me to
take off the video he asked me to take it off he
is a non-verbal gay and I am a gay I don't see I won't
take it off sorry but no way
because I understand phase marco the abuse of
throwing himself at 800 thousand times and
pan came to me very quietly to
ask me please almost crying okay
because it reminded me of one of the videos he
made crying that you take off the video
that affected him a lot or simply
because sometimes in favor back then I didn't
know him
okay what I'm telling you he had like eight thousand
subscribers and nobody was going to find out if I
gave him a strike and he knows perfectly well
that if he gives me a strike well the
truth is  that the league made a mess
everyone if they're going to find out is that they're
trying to censor me for a criticism and
also that I recover the video but
we'll go the next day or at most in
three or four days so as I knew
that this thing of the strikes was not going to work with me
so I try it the
good way so you can see the hypocrisy that there
is on youtube by some characters and it
is that I remember some new videos
that they made that are also very good
ok from lm ​​in fact like felipe 360
criticizing his and two because he made a
strike when they did some criticism
okay the md show and felipe condemned
this guy because he abused the
youtube system by posting videos but nevertheless
they know that michu they do it but I
have to eat him on Thursdays and toba
lewis mystery eat the bones we have to
make a video defending him and we have to
collaborate with him of course this is what
I have said many times no if you
do it heard that one of the outcasts of
the platform we do not throw ourselves at his
neck but if one of the  cool
that we are interested we look the other way
then I came he asked me very
cordially to please remove
all the videos that I had on my channel
against him something that I do not understand
because let's see if this freedom
of expression no then I tell you let's
see
you have a problem with a video you
can always talk or rather I have always
said when I get heated up and
maybe I go too far with someone you can
talk and remove a video
just click but remove
all the videos on my channel as soon as
the word win michu appears because the truth is
that it seems a little excessive to me no
then I tell him and he says something
very funny pay attention sit down please
no no no there is no need that here among all
the videos the ones that talk about me only the ones where you
speak badly the ones that speak
well of me and you can leave their addresses
and I and I said well let's see what you
need is to put on a bra but
on your balls because you have enormous ones and I'm
sure you have to hold them in
also I remember perfectly that he
told me the phrase man for example the
videos in which he speaks well of me do not
bother me but videos like the one  wing
michu has not changed because they hurt me or so
6 there is a little mess that I did not
know if the one of win has changed a lot was
mine or veda fa but let's more or less
know that the videos were
conscious I told him that it did not seem
right to remove the videos in which he
spoke badly of him I do not know that in some
comments it is something personal and I went
over the line but that he should accept the
criticisms that here you understand we are
exposed to criticism and what the [ __ ] the
criticisms in fact he has many
criticisms on his channel with which he has
destroyed the company he has
destroyed youtube channels it
seems very hypocritical to me that he wants to remove
from the middle those that are criticized
but well in the end he
even came to say things to me that made me a
little sad and I am a person who
is an [ __ ] because many
consider me an [ __ ] but I am an
[ __ ] many times trying to
be good for people and I told him well I will
think about it I told him that you were going to
remove it but in the end they did not remove it because I
considered that no that is that I reviewed the
videos I did not have  why remove it I mean it
looked like a rag it looked like a
hypocrite but at the end of the day it's that
I didn't get involved with anything with anything that
wasn't things from youtube or you go out that I
considered to be videos well you don't
have to type them in to see maybe you're going to
see it a little selfish and a little
interested but it's that to put ourselves to think
or seeing a guy to decide what here you
have some videos that precisely is a
guy who hasn't given much for
you that in fact has messed with
you many times the social networks
no longer you by removing those videos not
only do you remove millions of visits on
your channel but it also harms
because they are videos that also always
get visits and you lose activity on the
channel or in other words if he removed those videos it
even harmed me in terms of
growth but of course in this deal
only he won because he
won
he won he cleaned up his image in a video
that he left on the [ __ ] floor and
that also had quite a repercussion and
I lost okay I mean he didn't lose anything [ __ ]
we offer all the data in which we
both win whatever it is something that  I'm
interested for example a hacker offers me we
record a hacker and you enter my
computer delete those videos and I
get the subscribers for collaborating with
you something that interests us both
but no no no no you remove the videos
because you are an angel fallen from heaven I
win because those criticisms
are not on the internet and you screw yourself you screw yourself
and you continue to lose and another reason
why I did not remove that video because the
truth is that I still think the
same I think that win michu has not
changed or rather he tries but he has
not changed notice recently not
precisely at the presentation of
bocadillo in the same movie theater
when a person in the audience played
a typical joke on his channel a meme that
was calling him bald [ __ ]
thanks
[Music] it
's a joke saying that he was going to
support his mother or something making a
joke about women which he condemns
a lot because now it turns out that he is the
most real on the internet and in fact
when he did the podcast with jordi wild
lee he gave him little life lessons not as a
social vigilante and told him that you
could not joke about certain  things not
put more of yourself in the mouth
you have to be aware of everything you
do and everything around you
so if you're going to make a joke
that's going to offend a minority you are part of
that minority 70 the consequences guys you
understand be careful the consequences that you
can offend the generous and one
that asked him tremendous and I put a
twitter giving him a slap the crazy
running was that the guy retweeted and
shared this tweet okay where he exposed
a security guard who
was simply doing his job
okay for the joke that he looked a
lot like him it was like looking at my
twin brother and they published a photo of a
person who was at his
job very calm and who is not a
public figure when he came out
tremendously when a subway user
is a photo without his permission things I
see them very badly I find it in very bad taste
that a photo is taken without your permission and on
top of that the urban internet but it's that
cohen the bastard you already see it the same
as for example this joke is not surprising that
folio fears your mother not to me it's a
joke I think it's good  not that it sells more
but it seems quite ridiculous to me at the
time we were not what I told you
at the beginning of the video made it can be
funny if you are nine years old in July
your mother for the truth is that it is a little
ridiculous but put me do not act
moralistic and point the finger at
people who make that kind of joke
saying that it should not be done
because poor eyes and such women and
above all do not be a [ __ ] hypocrite
okay basically that is what
this video is about general guys leave me in
the comments what you think if
you agree with me or not okay
with this I close the door totally
astra in a plan and nobody gentlemen
lend me a like subscribe if they did not
know me and until next time